Update Releasing-Fleet.md (#17233)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/Contributing/Releasing-Fleet.md

- Terraform variables ([AWS](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/blob/main/infrastructure/dogfood/terraform/aws/variables.tf)/[GCP](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/blob/main/infrastructure/dogfood/terraform/gcp/variables.tf))
- [Kubernetes `fleet-deployment.yml` file](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/blob/main/docs/Deploy/kubernetes/fleet-deployment.yml)
- All Terraform (*.tf) files referencing the previous version of Fleet.

> - The full list could be searched using git grep:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The full list can be found by using git grep:
```

We issue scheduled patch releases every Monday between minor releases if any bug fixes have merged. We issue patches immediately for critical bugs as defined in [our handbook](https://fleetdm.com/handbook/quality#critical-bugs).

> 1. Complete the steps above to [prepare a new version of Fleet](#prepare-a-new-version-of-fleet).

Author: The changelog must come last after all cherry-picking was done.
